Absolutism apparently already bound to this meaning: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universality_(philosophy)

However, it is a word I bound to a way of living, a lifestyle if you will.
Quite simply: be aware of the difference between relative and absolute and be able to choose consciously between looking at something relative to other things and looking at something 'absolutely'; on its own.

When I say 'look at something relative to other things' am ambiguous.
I'll provide an example to show two ways to 'look at something compared to other things'.
Let's say you're in a class along with other people and you all took the same test, which was them graded.
Out of 10, you see you scored a 6, whereas 


You can still look at other people's scores and say: hmm, I scored low. There is a difference, however, in the why.
You could compare yours to other peoples' scores for the sake of being higher than others.
You could compare yours to other peoples' scores to see if you've done something wrong or right. If everyone else has a better grade, perhaps they know something you don't: a great opportunity to ask them about it in order to improve yourself. A bit like planning poker: Each person contributes a number; differences in numbers are an indication that someone has different thoughts on something, which is interesting to discuss _with the goal of improving the understanding of each individual person_.
It's not so much the concrete actions you take (comparing yourself) but moreso the reasons for these actions.



You are not Lu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4ar5ZiN13U



I wanted to also write about having the useful - makes life so much better - attitude of being proactive in and responsible for dealing with your own divergences from whatever norm. 
- self centrism
- don't expect anything. Though this isn't what I mean... what I mean is: give up the notion of fairness. When bad stuff happens, it happens.



Self centrism

For me this is the core of the lifestyle / philosophy I seem to live by.
In a way it is similar to stoicism (it might be a well discussed topic within stoicism; I have only shallow knowledge of the stopic) in that any action 


I strive to:
respect myself
approve of myself
= do my best to adhere to my own values and standards
take care of myself
- physically, mentally, emotionally
take ownership of my life
be self critical

The Lu thing + the deal with your divergence from the norm:
Rights and fairness are fiction, figments of the human imagination. Not to say rights and fairness do not exist - they certainly do - but they are not some natural phenomenon. Since I stopped dogmatically 'believing' in rights and fairness I am much happier. With 'believe' I mean being conviced that they are an unshakeable truth, a natural law that should be upheld no matter what.

In some circumstances rights are fairness are something I _expect_ in the statistical sense. If I were to cast a six-sdied die, I would expect the die to land on 2 or greater. However, when were it to land on 1, my world isn't shattered.


Note that this self centrism is not per se selfish or individualistic.

I am a social creature and I value community and teamwork.
As a 'self centrist', I will do my best to adhere to my own values.
As such, I find it important and fulfilling to deliver value to my community and be good team player.

